Update docs for MAUI and WinUI (#458)
Esri/arcgis-toolkit-dotnet: README.md

[![Link: ArcGIS Developers Home](https://img.shields.io/badge/ArcGIS%20Developers%20Home-633b9b?style=flat-square)](https://developers.arcgis.com)
[![Link: Documentation](https://img.shields.io/badge/Documentation-633b9b?style=flat-square)](https://developers.arcgis.com/net/)
[![Link: Samples](https://img.shields.io/badge/Samples-633b9b?style=flat-square)](https://developers.arcgis.com/net/wpf/sample-code/)
[![Link: Templates](https://img.shields.io/badge/Templates-633b9b?style=flat-square&logo=visualstudio&labelColor=gray)](https://www.nuget.org/packages?q=ArcGIS+Runtime+Templates)
[![Link: NuGet](https://img.shields.io/badge/NuGet-633b9b?style=flat-square&logo=nuget&labelColor=gray)](https://www.nuget.org/profiles/Esri_Inc)
[![Link: Early Adopter Community](https://img.shields.io/badge/🙋-Get%20help%20in%20Early%20Adopter%20Community-633b9b?style=flat-square)](https://esriurl.com/agsrt200beta)

> # ArcGIS Runtime SDK for .NET - Toolkit 200 beta

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# ArcGIS Runtime SDK for .NET - Toolkit 200.0.0- beta release
```

Reviewer 2: I don't think we should explicitly state "beta" here or anywhere else. This is perpetually the v200 branch.

The ArcGIS Runtime SDK for .NET Toolkit contains controls and components to accelerate your development with [ArcGIS Runtime SDK for .NET](https://developers.arcgis.com/net/).

> > **IMPORTANT** This is a beta branch. The 200.0.0-beta release of ArcGIS Runtime is beta software. If you would like to use this software, please join the [Esri Early Adopter community](https://esriurl.com/agsrt200beta).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **IMPORTANT** This is branch is under 200.0.0-beta program and showcases changes we will be releasing in our upcoming 200.0.0. Please join the [Esri Early Adopter community](https://esriurl.com/agsrt200beta) to provide feedback or report issues.
```

## Get started

> **Note**: At version 200.0, Toolkit assemblies are now built individually for each platform. Please replace any existing `Esri.ArcGISRuntime.Toolkit` NuGet reference with Toolkit NuGet package specific to that platform. For example if you have a WPF application using Toolkit, you will need to uninstall `Esri.ArcGISRuntime.Toolkit` NuGet package and add `Esri.ArcGISRuntime.Toolkit.WPF` NuGet package.

The simplest way to get started is to add the platform-specific NuGet package(s) to your projects:

[![Link: Toolkit NuGet - WPF](https://img.shields.io/badge/WPF-007ac2?style=flat-square&labelColor=gray&logo=windowsxp)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Esri.ArcGISRuntime.Toolkit.WPF/)
[![Link: Toolkit NuGet - WinUI](https://img.shields.io/badge/WinUI-007ac2?style=flat-square&labelColor=gray&logo=windows11)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Esri.ArcGISRuntime.Toolkit.WinUI/)
[![Link: Toolkit NuGet - UWP](https://img.shields.io/badge/UWP-007ac2?style=flat-square&labelColor=gray&logo=windows)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Esri.ArcGISRuntime.Toolkit.UWP/)

> [![Link: Toolkit NuGet - MAUI](https://img.shields.io/badge/MAUI-007ac2?style=flat-square&labelColor=gray&logo=dotnet)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Esri.ArcGISRuntime.Toolkit.Maui/)

Reviewer 2: These are links to nuget packages, not platforms. I don't get why these badges are changed?
